Without the
and we would like to ask for your understanding.
I have explained the concept of the Singaporei strategy,
but I would like to mention the principles of the Singaporei strategy.
The first is that we have achieved the freedom of our strategy.
Singapore is the main force of the British Air Force's activities in the British East Asia.
The British Army has been building up the British Pacific and the Indian Ocean.
We have now occupied the British East Asia and the Indian Ocean,
and we have gained the freedom of our strategy.
We have also gained the power of the Indian people.
The second is that we have made it difficult for the US Army to conduct a direct joint strategy.
The US Army has been making active movements to achieve the best military command
and the best command for direct joint operations in the Pacific,
but we have not achieved the best military command
and the best military command for direct joint operations in the Pacific.
The US Army has now lost the role of the US military in the Pacific,
and the US Army has made a great deal of trouble in this respect.
The third is that we have stopped the joint strategy with the US Army
and the US Air Force.